Docs improvements (#1162)
feldroy/air: docs/learn/air_tags.md

</script>
```

### Passing reserved words as kwargs

Alternately, we can pass reserved keywords as kwargs.

```python

> air.Label("Email", **{"class": "plain", "for": "email"})

Reviewer: I like it :)

```

Renders as:

```html
<label class="plain" for="email">Email</label>
```

### Attributes starting with special characters

> To get around that in Python we can't begin function arguments with special characters, we lean into how **Air Tags** is kwargs friendly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get around that in Python we can't begin function arguments with special characters, we lean into how **Air Tags** are kwarg-friendly.
```
